Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Yo. check this out.
- What is that?
- A necklace or something.
- Looks like gold.
Hey. Maybe it's
here for a reason.
Oh. yeah? What reason. Colt?
I don't know.
This whole place freaks me out.
Well. we are in the middle
of a graveyard after all.
Oh. don't start with
your crap. Ehren.
What. you guys never heard
of the White Pine slaughter?
- The what?
- The White Pine slaughter.
I thought that was the
whole reason we were here.
Ehren. we're not in the
mood for your shit today.
Fine. Whatever. I'm leaving.
Yeah. Seriously.
though. he's right.
We should probably get back.
Yeah. I figure we
got. like. 20 minutes
before Brodie claims all
the girls for herself.
Right. 'Cause you'd
be rolling in it
if she wasn't there. right?
Hey. those girls
from the gas station
seemed pretty into me.
They were not flirting.
They were terrified.
Hey. Troy. you coming?
Yeah.
You want to be tough?
You got 15 seconds before I
come back with the sheriff.
Chuck!
Jesus Christ.
Got no patience for a
man to pinch off a piece?
Tough shit. Chuck.
I think that's what I
was just trying to do.
I told you what would
happen the next time I found
one of your fucking
animal traps in that park.
I've never seen those
before in my life.
When you first
moved here. I said.
"You know. I'm
gonna be neighborly.
give you the benefit
of the doubt."
But you are fucking
testing me. boy!
Jesus. man. You
got to lighten up.
Come on inside.
Take a load off.
I'll buy you a beer.
There are people
in the park. Chuck.
Got college kids just
coming for the weekend.
If they step in one
of these. then what?
I gotta go.
So I go back there. I'm not
gonna find any more of these.
You go in that fucking barn.
you might not find your
way out again. boy.
Are you threatening an
officer of the law. Chuck?
Don't play tough
with me. Ranger.
Your authority ends right
there at them trees.
I'm not gonna ask you again.
You stay out of that park.
Or one of these days.
you're gonna find something
that's gonna walk. Right
through your traps.
And trust me. you don't
want to find that out.
That's a threat.
Are you threatening me?
- Stay out of the park.
- I know my rights. Ranger.
You step one foot on
this property again
and all my rifles will
blow you a kiss goodbye.
If I see you in the
park again. Chuck.
I'm coming back
with the sheriff.
Oh. yeah. That's what
you need. you coward.
Another man to do
your dirty work.
Get the fuck out of here!
Take out the trash
while you're at it.
Soft cock. motherfucker.
Lane reduction to continue
into the afternoon.
Those who need to
travel along Highway 427
west of Kennedale are
encouraged to find a detour.
Today marks the 135th day
since North Fort Steel
and Milford Haven
has closed its doors.
And John Gibbs.
president of UVS107.
is appealing to Mayor
Joe Mancini for help.
Gibbs met with the
mayor last night
to discuss the
possibility of utilizing
the city's Emergency
Measures Act
to provide relief
for the hundreds
of laid-off steelworkers
in the community.
Gibbs says...
This was your mother's. John.
I want you to have it.
That way. it will always be
with you no matter what happens.
You'll always be our
little boy. John.
The school board has
announced their plans
to amalgamate their
intermediate secondary school
into the newly designated...
over the last 10 years has
made the continued operation
of both buildings feasible.
The new school is scheduled
to open this fall.
In sports. it looks like
the Milford Haven Rangers
will once again conclude a
hard-fought season in defeat.
Coming up...
You son of a bitch.
I told you what would happen
if you came back here.
You were gonna make
me fucking do this.
you stupid son of...
What the fuck?!
What do you want?
Say something!
I didn't do anything to you.
Get away!
Get away! Leave me alone!
Help me!
Oh! Jesus Christ!
Oh. no!
No!
What do you want?! Fuck.
No.
Don't fucking touch me.
I didn't do anything to you.
I did nothing to you.
No.
Get away from me!
I didn't do anything to you!
No!
It happened at Townline Storage
at approximately
2:15 last evening.
Thieves making off
with various pieces
of medical equipment being
stored at that facility
from Portlock General Hospital.
Anyone with information on
this or any other incident
are encouraged to call
the Kennedale Police
Department's tip line
at 248-3245
or through e-mail at
tips at kennedalepd.com.
Good news for campers
and outdoor adventurers
this weekend.
- Oh!
- What?
Crazy.
Which one? In there?
Yeah.
- Jesus Christ.
- Yeah!
Okay. you two. We get it.
Your dicks are fucking huge.
and you're not
compensating for anything.
You don't get shit.
baby. But keep it up.
You'll get it later.
What. are you hiding
a wedding ring
somewhere or something?
Yes.
It's behind my zipper.
Wow. My boyfriend.
ladies and gentlemen.
You can't help but think that's
his actual wedding proposal.
Nothing but the
best for my girl!
Wait. When you said
behind my zippers.
does that mean the
ring is on your dick?
As in your dick is the
size of Kris's finger?
Yeah. like. sometimes
it gets that big.
Oh!
Shit.
Yeah. My girl's pretty funny.
Isn't she. Colt?
You're a lucky man. Troy.
Hey. can I get that
lighter off you. bud?
Yeah.
Smoked a bug.
- You good?
- Yeah. I'm good.
Cough it up.
Hey. what were you
talking about earlier?
- What was that?
- The slaughter thing.
Oh. the White Pine slaughter?
Wait. wait. A slaughter?
Like a murder?
Yeah. My uncle used
to live around here.
He told me the whole thing.
All the locals know about it.
but they'll never talk about it.
Come on. then. Soft
Serve. What's the story?
Well. my uncle
said it all started
with this slow kid named Johnny.
A slow kid. What
does that mean?
You know. Slow.
So what? The kid
didn't win a race
and then a slaughter
happened? I don't get it.
He was mentally hindered.
No. Hindered
doesn't sound right.
It sounds like there's
another word maybe for that.
You know what the
word is. asshole.
- Why don't you just say it?
- No. don't say it.
Aurora is filming you.
- Oh.
Oh. so you're gonna
cancel me. Cool.
Okay. Cancel culture
doesn't exist.
you fucking ableist.
Cancel culture does exist
because I'm canceling
storytime. you fucks.
- Oh. my God.
- Fuck off. Ehren.
Just tell us the goddamn story.
You guys really want to hear it?
Come on. tell the fucking story.
- Are you sure?
- Yes! Tell the fucking story!
Alright. Buckle up.
So. like. 70 years ago.
everywhere. 100 miles
in every direction
was leased out by
this logging company.
And everything was way
more remote back then.
So they would set
up shops in the camp
and sell shit like razors
and soap to the loggers.
but they would jack up the
prices like a motherfucker.
Johnny's dad was the guy
that ran these stores
and they hated him for it.
And they used to take out
their anger on Johnny.
It all came to a head one day
when one of the drunk loggers
tripped and broke his ankle
on one of Johnny's toy cars.
He was out of work for months.
They would blame Johnny for it.
So they decided to
teach him a lesson.
They told Johnny they
found a bag of toys
and that he should meet
them at the old fire tower.
So Johnny snuck
out camp at night.
an eager and keen
and naive as he was.
he climbed up the
top of the tower.
But there were no toys.
Just one of the men in a
creepy old firefighter's mask
waiting to scare him.
And he did.
Johnny fell from the tower.
His neck snapped as soon
as it hit the ground
and the men freaked out.
So they put one of the
firefighter masks on him
to make it look like he was
playing up there by himself
and tripped and fell.
So are you saying that
was the same fire tower
from earlier?
It could be.
Hard to say.
When Johnny's dad found
the body a day later.
he knew those guys had
something to do with it.
So he confronted them in the
mess hall and a fight broke out.
And when the dust settled.
Johnny's dad was dead
and the guy that killed
him claimed self-defense.
And the company not
wanting any issues.
made sure that no
charges were laid.
Well. I mean. a
dead father and son
ain't really much of
a slaughter. Ehren.
Well. that happened
a week later.
So what happened next?
A couple of the execs
from the company
showed up to the camp
and every single
person was dead.
Huge fucking lumberjacks
torn to pieces.
After a healthy donation
from the company.
they paid off the
widows. closed up shop
and the police ruled it as a
poisoning from tainted meat.
And they said a bunch of animals
got in and tore up the bodies.
One of the policemen
said he saw a guy
watching in the
woods with a mask.
They still don't
know who did it.
but some say it was
the man in the mask.
Some say it was Johnny's
spirit trying to get revenge.
Some say it was both.
Good story.
Good goddamn story.
I was on the edge of my
seat the entire time.
My nails... they're
bitten to shreds.
Fuck off. It was a good story.
All true. too.
Swear on my uncle.
Uh. fuck your
uncle. He's a pedo.
It doesn't count
if I forgave him.
You're fucked.
You guys want to hear
about the park rangers
that died here 10 years ago?
I think we're good for tonight.
Hey. Brodie was the
one asking for it.
You know what? The
bugs are getting bad.
I think we should go in.
Sounds good to me.
Wait. wait. wait.
Nope. Going inside.
No. I need everyone.
How long is it gonna
take for you to realize
there's no reception out
here? Are you fucking slow?
Okay. Fuck off. The lighting
here is truly amazing.
so I need everyone
to come behind me.
- Over there?
- Over here. Evan. Get up.
Come on.
Okay. Evan.
Your head's not in the shot.
Okay.
Three. two. one.
Wait. Let me just
get one without...
Okay.
Yeah. Okay. I'm going in. too.
And the ciders in
the cooler are mine.
Okay. guys?
- Yeah. we know.
You won't shut the
fuck up about 'em.
Good. I'm not drinking
beer all weekend
just because your
toxic masculinity...
You're welcome.
Oh.
I'm gonna change into
something a bit more comfy.
- Oh. really?
- Mm-hmm.
Would you like a hand?
You know earlier tonight?
You kind of upset me out there.
whether you were
talking about me.
- Me?
- Yeah.
- What about you?
- What about me?
Holding up your finger and shit.
Yeah. as a joke.
And everyone was laughing.
- I don't fucking care.
I don't want to hear
this again. Okay?
You already made me invite
your fucked-up friend.
I told you. he's just
going through something.
I don't fucking care. He's
bringing everyone down.
Wow. Real nice. Troy.
Real nice.
- Hey.
- Do you have a lighter?
- Yeah.
Thanks.
- Where are you going?
- Nowhere.
Then why are you sneaking
out the back door?
- It's just a door.
- Wait.
Are you going to meet up
with those gas-station girls?
It's like a 4-hour walk
away. Are you kidding?
No. but it's a yes
or no question.
How desperate do you think I am?
I think you're you.
I'm gonna go take a shit.
Is that all right with you?
Right. Okay. But
when you get there.
make sure you show them your
really cool cassette player.
Because they'll think
you're from the future.
What's going on out here?
Ehren's gonna meet
those gas-station girls.
- No fucking way.
- Yeah.
What? You're gonna go ask
them if they need a fill-up?
Right?
- Jesus Christ.
I'm gonna go take a shit.
- Yeah. Yeah. sure.
- Right.
No. I'm just a little
gas-station girl.
Ehren. can you
please fill me up?
Me too. Ehren.
I'm just a little
gas-station girl.
I need a fill-up really
bad. but I don't know how.
- Hey. fill me up. Ehren.
- Fill me up. Ehren.
Ehren. can you fill
me up? Fill me up.
Ehren. fill me up.
Fill me up. Ehren.
- Oh. fuck you!
- Fill me up. Ehren!
My God.
Hey. you want to
see a cool spider?
Yeah.
It's weird but
cool. I found it.
Is it big and hairy?
It's bigger than Troy's dick.
Fuck. Anything's bigger...
♪ Quick lips never
slowed me down ♪
♪ Keep breathing like
you're gonna get drowned ♪
♪ Missed kisses? Well.
you know where I'm found ♪
♪ Keep wishing but you're
never gonna sound like me ♪
♪ Best make it up while your
brother's still working ♪
♪ A birdie told me you've
been skipping the chores ♪
♪ It's close enough if
you really try squinting ♪
♪ The real thing is
busy winning awards ♪
♪ Oh. lover boy. you're
a really bad copy ♪
♪ You lack in heart and
have a bale for thoughts ♪
♪ That's quite enough. think
it's time to just cut it ♪
♪ Your M.O. matches with
the one in reports ♪
♪ Quick lips never
slowed me down ♪
♪ Keep breathing like
you're gonna get... ♪
Where are we?
It's so beautiful.
- Are you serious?
- Yes.
Isn't it so gorgeous?
We finally have some time away
from everyone here together.
Um... what are you doing?
Aurora. you need
to live a little.
You said that you
wanted to do yoga.
This doesn't look
like yoga to me.
It looks a lot like
swimming. Doesn't it?
Come on. The water's great.
I dressed for yoga.
I'm not getting this stuff wet.
Take it off. then. There's
no one around for miles.
Did you really think
this was gonna work?
What?
This whole thing
that you're doing.
I don't know.
It's worth a try. isn't it?
Oh. was it?
Hey. No.
What? Really?
Yeah. really.
Come on.
You know we had
something back there.
I didn't say we didn't.
So what's all this. then?
If you want to make
a move. make a move.
Just don't waste my time with
this high-school bullshit.
Well. that's good news.
because I hated high school
and it was my move.
Take it easy there. tiger.
You blew your chance this time.
Uh. sorry. What's
going on here. then?
Am I missing something?
I'm still gonna
go to the lookout
to stretch myself
out a little bit.
Why don't you come find me
when you're done with your swim
and maybe you can stretch
me out a little more?
No. You're full of
surprises. aren't you?
Don't wear yourself
out in there.
Help!
I was wondering when you
were finally gonna show.
You sure took your time. though.
Don't you even care?
You're freaking
out over nothing.
Okay? We all know
Ehren went to see those
gas-station girls.
Brodie and Aurora are
probably just off fucking.
Something's not right.
Troy. and you know it.
Let's just go to the cops
and file a police
report or something.
We're not going anywhere.
Fine. Give me the
keys. I'll go.
Yeah. You want these?
Go fucking get them.
What's your problem?!
Did you seriously just do that?
What?
Did you see where they went?
Yeah. Yeah. Um...
I think they're over here.
Happy hunting. big guy.
No. don't touch me.
What?
What?!
Be reasonable for once. Troy.
I mean. what about
the guy in the photo?
What fucking guy?
It was just a shitty photo.
Dirt on the fucking
lens or something.
No. it wasn't dirt.
and you know it.
Where the fuck do you
think you're going?
Oh. you think you
can drive that thing?
Okay. look. I'm sorry Colt's
dead dad fucked him up.
But he doesn't get to kill my
whole fucking weekend. too.
What the fuck did you just say?
What are you gonna do
with that. huh. tough guy?
You think we're crazy?
You think there wasn't
anyone else in that picture?
Well. look at this!
I found it on the
ground out there!
There's shit like that all
over the fucking place here.
Something's not right. man.
Get it through your head!
Come on. Colt.
There's a ranger
station down the road
with a phone we can
use to call for help.
You two lovebirds be careful!
Fuck you. Troy!
Hey. tough guy!
Want to actually do something?!
Just keep fucking with me!
Huh?!
What the fuck is this?!
Ohh!
- You okay?
- Did you get him?
- Yeah. I got him.
- Fuck. man!
- What the fuck is that?
- Come on. let's go.
Uhh!
Oh. shit. man.
Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
Uhh!
Look. if you cut through
that... that deer trail.
we can make it to the main road.
Fuck. I don't
fucking care. man.
Just get me the
fuck out of here!
Fuck! Stop moving. man.
Oh. Jesus Christ.
- It's fine. man. It's fine.
- Shit. Shit.
Fuck! Come on. man.
Stop moving! Let's go.
Come on. man. Get up.
Fuck.
Oh. my God.
Oh. fuck.
Pull up. Pull up.
Ugh. Evan. come on.
Uhh!
Ow!
Someone help me!
Help me!
No.
Fuck no.
Please. Help!
So he confronted
them in the mess hall
and a fight broke out.
And when the dust settled.
Johnny's dad was dead.
Troy! Evan!
Troy!
Troy. we gotta fucking
go! Ehren's dead!
Troy!
Colt. I can't find
them anywhere.
What?
I think it's blood.
Kris. look out!
Come on! Hurry!
Go. go. go. go. go. go!
This man. is he...
Where'd you get that necklace?
What? Are you listening?
Listen to us!
Where did you get
that necklace?!
In the old fire tower!
Fire tower.
Okay.
You don't know what
you just did. Okay?
That's his mother's necklace.
It's the only thing
holding his soul at rest.
Okay. fine. then we'll
just give it back.
You can't just give it
back. He's awake now.
He's awake.
He's gonna be coming
for all of us.
We have...
There he is.
You remember me?
I remember you.
And I...
I remember what you
did 10 years ago.
I put you in the ground before.
And I'll do it again!
Is he... Is he dead?
No.
But it will certainly
slow him down.
Hey. Tom Sawyer.
Go to the shed there.
Grab some chains. okay?
We're gonna wrap him up and
take him to the old fire tower.
It's the only ground
that'll hold him.
Now!
Wait. wait. So
it's... it's true?
The story about the kid.
the one who massacred
everyone at the logging camp?
It's mostly true.
Not all of it.
There was one survivor.
My father.
He put this monster down before.
You know. I never believed him
when he told me the stories.
And then...
Then Johnny got
up 10 years later.
And he killed the people
that I cared about.
So I did what my dad did.
And I put him in the ground.
This time. I'll make
sure he stays there.
Hurry up!
Alright.
Start wrapping his feet. and
then we'll get his hands.
I got him.
Now.
I can't.
Okay. Take the chains.
put them there.
Okay. Now. on the
count of three.
I'm gonna pass this
gun to you. Okay?
One...
two...
Stop shaking.
Three.
Get out of here now!
- We have to get out of here.
- No. we have to do something.
Come on. come on. come on.
Forget about it! Let's go!
Aaaah!
Come on! Come on!
Take this.
Go. go!
Ugh!
Johnny!
Come and get us!
We're right here!
Come on!
What are you waiting for?!
He sees us. Oh. my
God. he sees us.
Shh!
You got to keep quiet!
No. no. no. Wait. wait.
Where are you going?
I've got to distract him.
You go to the fire tower
and set up the trap.
I'll lead him there.
It's the only way to stop him.
I'll be back. I promise.
I won't let anything
happen to you.
Colt. Colt. no.
Come on. you ugly son of
a bitch! We're right...
Ah!
No.
Ah.
Hey! Hey!
Hey. stop! Stop!
Stop! Stop!
Oh. my God! What the
hell happened to you?!
What happened?!
Hey. lady. come on. You okay?
- Huh?
- You okay?
Okay.
- Yeah.
- You're okay? You need a hand?
- No.
Just take it as best you can.
We'll get you to the
hospital real quick.
You're alright.
Let's go.
Let's get you going.
You'll be okay.
You're gonna be alright.
Sweetie.
Hey. honey.
Can you look at me?
You got to answer me
when I talk to you. okay?
Just so I know you're with me.
- Sorry.
- Alright.
Just tired.
You were. um. limping
up the road back there.
Just fell.
Thirsty?
Sorry. I. uh. I
don't have any water.
Just coffee.
Can you. uh.
tell me what happened
to you back there?
Just in case I have to answer
some questions at the hospital.
It was an animal.
Jesus.
Jesus. What kind of animal?
You're gonna be okay.
You are.
Hey. You made it out
okay. didn't you?
No missing pieces.
Heck. you even walked
out by yourself.
You're gonna be okay.
Trust me.
I've seen people come out of
there a lot worse than that.
They made it through just fine.
Right as rain.
You've seen worse. huh?
Brother was a game warden.
Got mauled by a
bear 30 years ago.
Real bad.
His office got a call from
a hunter who came upon
a couple of deer
carcass out in the woods
out near Portlock.
Bobby took the call.
Drove his ATV about
an hour or so.
deep into the bush.
where this guy told him.
Looked like something out of
a horror movie or something.
Blood all over the ground.
Black-bear tracks
all dug in the mud.
In the middle of it all was
a fawn and a 10-point buck.
Torn to shreds.
Doing what he does.
Bobby has seen feeding
grounds before.
This one did not
sit right with him.
They didn't look eaten at all.
It's like the bear just up
and left after he killed him.
And that's when Bobby
knows something ain't right
with this bear.
So called it into his office.
Bobby's boss didn't want
to take any chances.
Told him he would
send him some support.
Told Bobby to keep
track of that bear.
So Bobby gets back on his ATV.
goes deep into the forest.
All the while.
he's coming across fresh kill...
porcupine. partridges
just ripped apart
and left there.
All of a sudden. it
comes to a creek.
So Bobby gets off his ATV.
goes into the water.
comes out the other side.
Tracks are gone.
It's as if the bear
just went downstream
and moved along.
So he's standing there in the
water. reaches for his walkie.
when all of a
sudden. he feels...
digging in the back of his head.
Said it felt like 100
bee stings or something.
It turns out this bear
come up behind him.
chomped on the back of his head.
and pushed him into the creek.
Bobby said it was like
too much going on at once.
like it should have hurt more.
But he didn't feel anything.
I mean. this bear
was eating him alive.
And all Bobby could think of was
getting his face out of water.
but he had a goddamn
bear on his back.
Hell.
He laughs when he tells you now.
I guess you get kind of funny
when you're in a
situation like that.
I'm sorry.
I'm just saying.
Bobby made it out okay.
You'll make it out. too.
How'd he get out?
Well...
he took in too much
water and drowned.
woke up on the
side of the creek.
member of his team doing CPR.
He was only out
for a minute or so.
They airlifted him
to the hospital.
100 stitches later.
he's right as rain.
What about the bear?
Don't know.
His team said that
the bear was gone
when they got there.
I guess when Bobby drowned.
the bear figure he
killed him and moved on.
Why?
Who knows.
Bobby says that there is
something in the field
called henhouse disease.
Henhouse syndrome.
Something like that.
It's when coyotes
and wolves and such
just keep killing
everything around 'em.
They don't go back
for food or anything.
They just keep killing.
No reason at all.
Bobby says animals don't
get too hung up on reason.
Well. that's what he says.
Yeah.
Hey. honey.
Sweetie.
Hey. sweetie. Are you okay?
Hey. honey. can you wake up?
Come on. Wake up. will you?
Sweetie. come on. wake up.
Sweetie. Come on. Come
on. Let's wake up.
Why are you stopping?
Why are we stopping?
- I'm sorry. sweetie.
I got to do something
and try to get that leg
to slow down the bleeding.
Take me to a hospital.
Let's go to the hospital.
Okay? Please. please.
please. please.
Just take me to.
like. a hospital.
Please. please. please.
- Honey...
- Please.
I know you're scared.
and you went through
something out there.
and I don't pretend
to know what it was.
but I have got to stop
the bleeding in your leg.
Okay. so let's go.
Let's go. Let's go.
Get in the car. and
we'll go to the hospital.
Please. please.
- Look at me.
I'm gonna wrap this
around your leg.
It's probably gonna
hurt a little bit.
but I'll be as
gentle as I can be.
When I'm done with this.
we'll get back on the road
and we'll get to the hospital.
But I got to do this first.
You okay with that?
Sweetie?
Okay.
Sorry.
♪ Twas early in the spring
when I set out to go ♪
♪ To work up in the woods
in north On-tar-i-o ♪
♪ The unemployment office
said they'd send me through ♪
♪ With the Little Abitibi
and the survey crew ♪
♪ And those black flies.
the little black flies ♪
♪ Always a black fly.
no matter where you go ♪
♪ I'll die with the black
fly picking my bones ♪
♪ In north On-tar-i-o-i-o
♪ In north On-tar-i-o
♪ Well. the man. Black Toby.
was the captain of the crew ♪
♪ He said. "I'm gonna tell you
boys what we're gonna do ♪"
♪ They want to build a power
dam. so we must find a way ♪
♪ To make the Little Ab
flow around the other way" ♪
♪ And those black flies.
the little black flies ♪
♪ Always a black fly.
no matter where you go ♪
♪ I'll die with the black
fly picking my bones ♪
♪ In north On-tar-i-o-i-o
♪ In north On-tar-i-o
♪ Bum. bum. bum. bum
♪ So we surveyed to the east.
we surveyed to the west ♪
♪ We tried to make our minds
up just how to do it best ♪
♪ Little Ab. Little
Ab. what shall I do? ♪
♪ I'm all but going crazy
on the survey crew ♪
♪ With those black flies.
the little black flies ♪
♪ Always a black fly.
no matter where you go ♪
♪ I'll die with the black
fly picking my bones ♪
♪ In north On-tar-i-o-i-o
♪ In north On-tar-i-o
♪ Bum. bum. bum. bum
♪ Was black fly. black
fly. black fly everywhere ♪
♪ A-crawling in your whiskers.
a-crawling in your hair ♪
♪ A-swimming in the soup.
a-swimming in the tea ♪
♪ The devil take the
black fly and let me be ♪
♪ With those black flies.
the little black flies ♪
♪ Always a black fly.
no matter where you go ♪
♪ I'll die with the black
fly picking my bones ♪
♪ In north On-tar-i-o-i-o
♪ In north On-tar-i-o
♪ Bum. bum. bum. bum
♪ Well. the bull cook's
name was Blind River Joe ♪
♪ If it hadn't been for him.
we'd have never pulled through ♪
♪ He bound up all our bruises.
and he kidded us for fun ♪
♪ He lathered us with bacon
grease and balsam gum ♪
♪ And those black flies.
the little black flies ♪
♪ Always a black fly.
no matter where you go ♪
♪ I'll die with the black
fly picking my bones ♪
♪ In north On-tar-i-o-i-o
♪ In north On-tar-i-o
♪ Bum. bum. bum. bum
♪ Well. now the work is over.
Black Toby says we're through ♪
♪ With the Little Abitibi
and the survey crew ♪
♪ Twas a wonderful
experience. but this I know ♪
♪ I'll never go again
to north On-tar-i-o ♪
♪ With those black flies.
the little black flies ♪
♪ Always a black fly.
no matter where you go ♪
♪ I'll die with the black
fly picking my bones ♪
♪ In north On-tar-i-o-i-o
♪ In north On-tar-i-o
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today